QA (5/2) (#1336)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/plugins/grpc.md

Unlike JSON, [gRPC](https://grpc.io/about/)

> is a binary protocol, using [Protobuf](https://protobuf.dev/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a binary protocol, which uses [Protobuf](https://protobuf.dev/)
```
